# Ryan's Coding Challenge

Hi! This is my take on your coding challenge. I've spent around 4 hours working on it, and obviously it is not pixel perfect as instructed but I think it's a solid representation of how it could be interpreted.

## Starting the Project

To start the app, navigate to the root folder and run

```
yarn
```

to install dependencies.

Then, run

```
yarn dev
```

to start the project.

## Running the tests

If you want to run the tests, run:

```
yarn test
```

## Notes and Considerations

- This project was created using a Vite boilerplate. I believed that the purpose of this test was more holistic, so I wanted to spend more time writing components and tests rather than Webpack setup. I used Vite rather than create-react-app as I believe it is now deprecated.

- Some pieces of data would be Enums if the typescript types were generated by a live API. In this case they are handled as Strings (i.e. cancellationType) to simplify type handling.

- Sorting is done in the front-end. In general this is not common practice as it would be done through a database query or in the backend.

- Material UI components are used throughout with the exception of the sort selector. Insted the HTML Select element was used as it better fit the styles of the provided design.

- Styled-components were used throughout for the styling of Material UI Components, in which all `Box` Components are `styled`. `Typography` Components are styled using `sx` instead. This behaviour is out of familiarity and ease of reading.

- Colours chosen are a best effort using the Mac OS digital colour meter.

- Test files sitting with components rather than in a `__tests__` folder is a flow I'm accustomed to and is an agreed upon practice at my current employer. I stuck with that in this project purely for familiarity.

- The use of Vitest is something new to me and it was chosen as it worked well with the Vite boilerplate. It was familiar enough due to its similarity with Jest.
